I'm back with another video look at that
guy give that guy a pillow I just put
him to sleep lately I've got that Call
of Duty fever I'm just in the mood to
shoot and move and weight on noobs and
pickup tags get killstreaks call them in
and I believe that this is my first
video on Nuketown in black ops 2 and a
lot of you're probably like huh how
could that be well it's because I never
played this man when the game first came
out the only way you could play nuketown
was if you went into that special
playlist the nuketown 24/7 that was the
only way you can play they didn't have
it and Kill Confirmed or in domination
or in any of the other game modes that
was the only way you can play it and I
never did it because I don't like this
smack I'm dolphin diving I'm dodging I'm
dancing I'm doing cross over moves how
did I survive that right there whoo but
now I'm out of em I gotta pick that up
ah don't you hate it when that happens I
need to do a better job of just picking
up a gun when I'm safe
so that I don't have to scramble when I
do run out of ammo so that's why I never
posted a video on this map is because
they didn't include this map into the
playlist or by the time they did that I
was already done with this game I wasn't
playing it and that guy got owned
he got be stood and feasted on a dolphin
dive the tag turned around on that guy I
even stole a kill from somebody that had
in our sea car they thought they were
going to get that RC car kill they blew
it up and I stole that bad boy but I
hate this map and I hate all maps that
are tiny small so obviously I'm in the
minority because a lot of people love
this map that's why they brought it back
it was a fan favorite that's why
nuketown 24/7 a lot of people were in
that playlist but for me I just hate it
because the spawning is ridiculous and
there's going to be a clip later in this
game you'll see I spawn right next to
people they spawn
we literally spawn right in front of
each other got to hit those two guys
with the fadeaway I almost died I almost
lost my streak another bad thing about
this map is that since it's so small
everybody normally tosses semtex
grenades grenades c4 s like I remember
in the first black ops if you didn't
have flak jacket when you played on this
map it was just ridiculous you couldn't
go anywhere without a bomb coming out of
the sky or something killing you and
that's annoying to me that's not fun at
all that's that's I'm not really into
that I feel like people are getting
these easy kills that they don't deserve
because the map is so small that they
can do that and then of course it
promotes things like shotguns and I know
the shotguns are annoying especially in
this game because it seems like even if
you're hitting somebody with a shotgun
it doesn't matter because all they got
to do is raise up and bam and you've got
to be with me on that one because even
if you're on a streak even if you're on
a blackbird you're pre firing on the
Blackbird if they have a shotgun it
doesn't matter all they got to do is
raise up boom you're done and look at
that spawn right back there that just
ends my streak yep yep yep but then look
at this I spawned right in front of
people spawning that's what I'm talking
about that's why I don't like these
small maps because the probability of
something like that happening just
increases because the map is so small so
this map and hijack I hate them I hate
both of them even though I know a lot of
people are probably gonna be like
hijacked is amazing smooth what are you
talking about but that always happens to
me on hijack I'll be on the street I'll
be killing people as soon as I leave the
area somebody will spawn literally right
behind me and just end the streak that I
put together that I worked hard to put
together but this is the one good thing
about New Town and about small maps is
that if you do get some air support it
can be a lot of fun I remember in black
ops 1 if you got the gunship on this map
actually forget the gunship even if you
got the chopper gunner on this map it
was just so much fun if you got the
Rolling Thunder you took up the whole
team
so that's really the only positive about
the small maps at least for me but you
know what I wish we could get with
next-gen gaming I wish that games like
Call of Duty would have options like
they do on the PC you ever play a PC
game a multiplayer game and when you go
in the lobby whoever started that Lobby
can change the settings so for instance
you could disable maps you could say in
this lobby we're not playing on Nuketown
hijacked Express whatever or maybe you
say we're only going to play on these
maps that would be interesting if they
have maybe a separate playlist where
people could go in there and edit what
they wanted to play on and what they
didn't want to play on and I'm not
talking about private matches that
aren't ranked I'm talking about public
matches that way you can still rank up
and do everything like normal but you
can also specify a few things to your
liking and obviously this would have to
be a separate playlist on its own that
way the game can still be played the way
it's always been played normally where
you can't change any settings but hey
that's just an idea